Update chrome.privacy API sample (#1086)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/privacy/README.md

## Overview

> The service worker sets the default value for autofill using `chrome.privacy.services.autofillCreditCardEnabled.set()` when the extension is installed. Whenever the action button is clicked, the extension will toggle the current autofill setting of `autofillCreditCardEnabled` and update the extension badge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service worker sets the default value for autofill using `chrome.privacy.services.autofillCreditCardEnabled.set()` when the extension is installed. Whenever the action button is clicked, the extension toggles the current autofill setting of `autofillCreditCardEnabled` and updates the extension badge.
```
